[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> One of the theories that
seeks to explain the origin
of UFOs points to the
underground world.
Did those ships and
their occupants not
come then from outer space
but from the hollow Earth?
Other claims hold
that those who are
in that mysterious
underground realm
are not extraterrestrials
but survivors
of disappeared civilizations,
like Plato's mythical Atlantis.
What's behind all this?
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez Corpancho.
Welcome aboard
"The Arc of Time."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
When we enter the universe
of contact witnesses,
we assume that these experiences
are developed exclusively
with entities of cosmic origin.
But the matter is
much more complex.
Beyond the UFO phenomenon
and the extraterrestrial
hypothesis, there
are other mysteries,
secrets that do not necessarily
lead us to other worlds
but to the confines
of our planet.
Let me tell you about
the legend of Shambhala
and the interterrestrial enigma.
According to the
message of these beings,
a long time ago, a
group of entities
of extraterrestrial
origin arrived on Earth.
These entities formed part of
the aforementioned alliance,
a kind of Confederation
of advanced civilizations
that tries to introduce
messages, information,
and stimuli to worlds that
are going through the learning
process.
These beings would have
arrived thousands of years
ago, after the last destruction
that our planet suffered.
I mean a big disaster
with global impact
that we remember as the fall
of Atlantis or the Great Flood.
This incident apparently
happened about 12,000 years
ago.
After that event and the
recovery of the planet
and the emergence
of new civilizations
based on survivors is how
these entities from the cosmos
arrived in our world to generate
a kind of library of the Earth.
According to the narration
of extraterrestrials,
this happened someplace
in the Gobi Desert
in present day Mongolia.
There, they founded a sanctuary
of peace, a place of balance
that could contain the
information of what
human beings have learned so
that it does not disappear
through the cyclical
destructions
that planet Earth has faced.
It was called
Shambhala, the place
of peace, the place
of tranquility,
according to one of its
translations from Sanskrit.
Obviously, this is the
extraterrestrial version.
There are other
legends that we'll
hear about today
in northern India
and in other Asian countries
that mention Shambhala
as more of a realm of immortals,
of highly evolved men who
confined themselves
to unknown places
in the Earth, such as the
mythical Himalayas or the Gobi
Desert, as I mentioned, in order
to protect their information
and only share it
with great initiates.
But what interests us
here is the version
of the extraterrestrials'
messages,
a version in which many
points seem to coincide with
legends from the Orient.
This message says that
beings who came to Earth to
found Shambhala did
not arrive alone
but they brought a large
crystal, a stone of power
which current legends
call Chintamani,
the jewel of thought, the
Orion Crystal, as it is also
known in the world of the
occult, a crystal that
originally was bright
green and which
was placed in the Great
Stupa or the Shambhala tower
in the Gobi Desert.
It is difficult to understand
this process mixing legends
and the message of
extraterrestrials,
but apparently that
crystal did exist,
a crystal that would have the
ability to absorb information,
since we were talking about
this library of Shambhala that
would have generated
these hierarchies that
came from the stars, a crystal
capable of absorbing everything
experienced by human
beings, in fact,
the extraterrestrials say.
And this seems to be
associated to the Asian legend
that when the crystal
arrived in our world,
it was divided into
three fragments
so that these
little pieces could
travel all over the
planet intermixed
with humans and
their experiences
and then go back to
the mother crystal.
Even if this may sound fantastic
and like a contradiction,
one of these crystals may have
been the Holy Grail itself
that Jesus Christ had.
Then, when these
crystals returned
to the mother
stone, when they do,
which still has not happened,
according to our information,
the great crystal will return
to its place of origin.
This is the prophecy
of the Chintamani,
the prophecy of the
return to Orion,
the prophecy of Shambhala, a
prophecy in which, by the way,
Nicholas Roerich and some great
mystics of the 19th century
accepted and believed.
There is a painting by
Nicholas Roerich which
represents the white horse that
came from the stars, perhaps
from Orion, called
Nukta, and about his loin
is the agni, the
fire, which we assume
is the representation
of the Chintamani.
There is also another
painting by Nicholas Roerich
which shows a group of
masters coming out of a cave.
One of them has a chest.
Found inside that chest is one
of the fragments of Chintamani.
These masters of the
White Brotherhood
are supported by the
stars of night sky.
And, as you can
see in the image,
the stars depicted are
Orion, Orion's belt.
Was, in fact, the main
mission of Shambhala
associated with different
civilizations connected
to the intricacies of Orion?
I should mention that
Nicholas Roerich,
a great Russian
humanist, painter,
creator of the Banner of
Peace, which, in fact, he
created based on the esoteric
symbolism of Chintamani,
had a UFO encounter in
the decades of the 1920s,
precisely when he
was investigating
the legend of Shambhala.
Roerich described that UFO
encounter in his travel book.
It was August 5, 1926.
His expedition was stunned
with what they had witnessed.
I quote Roerich's
writing verbatim.
"We looked at each
other in amazement
because we all simultaneously
smelled a strong perfume.
I thought of the best
incense from India.
Where was it coming
from, surrounded
as we are by sheer cliffs.
The lamas in his
company whispered,
don't you smell the
fragrance of Shambhala?
A cloudless sun-filled
morning, the blue sky shining,
above our camp flies a huge
black vulture, our Mongolians,
and we ourselves observe it.
Suddenly, one of the Buryat
lamas points to the blue sky.
What is that?
A balloon?
An airplane?
We notice something
very bright that
was flying high from the
Northwest to the South.
From the tent, we retrieved
three powerful field glasses
and we made our way towards the
gigantic shining sphere which
stood out against
the sun, clearly
visible against the blue
sky and which moves swiftly.
We see right away that
it changes direction,
to the Southwest,
to the Southwest
and disappears behind
the snowcapped peaks
of the Humboldt Range.
All the campers saw
the unusual appearance,
and the lamas whispered,
the sign of Shambhala."
What was it that Nicholas
Roerich and the lamas that
accompanied him really
saw, so that it would be
said that that UFO sighting
in the decades of the 1920s,
long before the famous Kenneth
Arnold sighting in 1947,
represented a sign of Shambhala,
guardians of Shambhala.
Is this mystery of Shambhala
and the underground world
associated with UFOs
and their occupants?
Not to be overlooked is that
Nicholas Roerich describes
an aroma like incense, like
a very pleasant perfume,
something that has happened in
some extraterrestrial contact
experiences, very friendly
and wonderful in nature,
where contact witnesses prior to
the encounter with these beings
with human features had
perceived a very pleasant smell
that permeated the atmosphere,
almost like the seers
with the apparitions of Mary.
Do their aromas reveal
the high frequency
of the beings who are
about to reveal themselves,
unlike another context
of unpleasant odors
that ancient religions
associated with presences
that are not positive?
In this case, it's
to the contrary,
a sense of peace, a
very pleasant scent,
like the best
incense from India.
And then the sighting of the
Golden UFO and the marvelous
phrase of the lamas,
the sign of Shambhala.
What does it mean?
Almost immediately,
some detractors
wanted to minimize
this experience,
arguing that Roerich's
expedition had
observed a weather balloon.
Ridiculous.
The object was moving
fast, changing course,
and the people who were
there had time enough
to study the sighting
with their binoculars.
In fact, in the camp located
in the District of Kuknoor,
near the Humboldt
Mountain Range,
there were very well trained
guides and climbers who
attested to the observation.
Moreover, few know
that the Soviet police
had proposed to the recognized
Dr. Konstantin Ryabinin--
forgive my Russian-- to
join this expedition,
and he also observed the strange
flying apparatus in 1926.
I reiterate, a sign of
Shambhala, just as the lamas
told Roerich during this
wonderful apparition.
The history of this
Chintamani crystal
deserves an entire
episode of its own.
Maybe we'll look into
that in the future.
But now I can say that according
to the messages that we have
received in our
contact experiences,
that crystal was brought by
these beings who established
their base in the Gobi Desert
of Mongolia thousands of years
ago.
This crystal emerged
as an anomaly
in the region of the
Great Orion Nebula.
According to what has
been explained to us,
it is as if from higher
plains a nonphysical energy
crystallized, condensing
into a large crystal,
and was discovered by advanced
extraterrestrial civilizations
of the star sector
that we call Orion.
And this crystal has
extraordinary faculties,
even for extraterrestrial
technology itself.
And the discovery
of this crystal
was very important for the
Orion sector's distinct
and numerous civilizations.
It is impossible to
specify the worlds,
nor the precise stellar
sector that became fascinated
by this crystal, since,
according to our information,
this transcended Orion and
was transformed into a mother
crystal almost to the point
of being a revered crystal,
since this crystal
was transformed
into a very precious
element, not
just for the different and
numerous civilizations of Orion
but elsewhere in the
material universe.
It's incredible.
If this story is authentic,
if this narration
of the extraterrestrials
is genuine,
that this crystal can be found
in some secret place on planet
Earth, obviously in
the underground world.
Chintamani, the crystal of the
cosmos, the maximum crystal
of Shambhala,
obviously over time
has unleashed new
interpretations,
both philosophical
and spiritual.
In ancient Eastern
texts, Chintamani
is associated with a kind
of jewel of discernment
of consciousness that
some mystics also
associate with the mysteries
of the pineal gland.
That is, the inner
Chintamani would
be our tool of consciousness.
However, it is a rock, a
stone, a physical element
that arrived from the universe,
and its three fragments
traveled to the Earth.
Beyond its mythical or symbolic
meaning, its name says it all.
Chinta, deep thought, mani,
meaning precious jewel.
It is the jewel of thought,
the jewel of discernment,
the stone of co-creation,
able to manifest realities
through thought.
Therefore, this crystal that
originated in the cosmos
somewhere in the Great Orion
Nebula, the so-called M42,
according to the story
of the extraterrestrials,
comes not from a physical
universe but a mental one,
from another reality that
crossed its strength,
its radiation--
I don't know what terms to
use-- into our physical reality,
and it became that
co-creation crystal,
in that crystal of
the cosmic mind.
According to our
contact experience,
an underground
society exists which
was founded by survivors of the
last catastrophe, the remnant
of great forgotten civilizations
who, over thousands of years,
have remained silent and just
training followers, initiates,
so that through
them their message
might reach the outside world.
Esoteric groups call these
beings the White Brotherhood
or the White Lodge.
Especially with the teachings of
Theosophy in the 19th century,
these elusive masters
became very popular
among esoteric students.
But beyond these
versions, it seems
that extraterrestrial
contact has
some commonalities with
this White Brotherhood
and the Legend of Shambhala,
since the origin was
cosmic and the teachings
migrated from civilization
to civilization to come
to reside currently
with these great initiates
who protect this knowledge.
Chintamani and Roerich's
Banner of Peace
is part of the mission
of this mysterious White
Brotherhood associated with
the legend of Shambhala.
Roerich, according
to my research,
would have had direct
contact with these emissaries
of the underground
societies, particularly
those who were hidden in the
Altai mountains of Mongolia.
They told him that
he should form
a movement in all of
the places of peace
on Earth, places that
had information, culture,
everything that has been
developed by human genius,
so as to not be destroyed
in times of peace
or even in times of war.
He was tasked with
the Chintamani mission
so that he could convince the
great authorities of the world
that it is so, that there
is a pact for the protection
of these special places of the
Earth, both natural and those
that involved the human genius.
And so it was that
Nicholas Roerich, who
managed to persuade US
President Franklin Delano
Roosevelt himself in 1935,
here in the United States,
to sign the Roerich
Pact, the Pact of Peace.
And the emblem of that pact
was the [NON-ENGLISH],, no less,
the banner of Shambhala,
the Chintamani stone.
This symbol, which
is sometimes used
by UNESCO and by the United
Nations organization itself,
it is a cosmic
symbol, a symbol that
is embodied on Earth
when these beings arrive
from other worlds.
Incredible.
When you visit
somewhere on our planet
that you find
wonderful, cultural,
or some natural sanctuary and
there is a little sign that
says, Cultural Heritage
of Humanity by UNESCO,
UNESCO is based on the
Roerich Pact, that is,
the mission is being fulfilled.
The message of Shambhala
and the message
of these emissaries
to Nicholas Roerich
is more alive than ever.
But when we talk of
the underground world,
I think it's important
to make a clarification,
since there is
usually some confusion
between the large
underground galleries,
where survivors
of other cultures
can find themselves, to the
mystery of the hollow Earth.
According to our messages
and the investigations
we have done, obviously
the Earth is not hollow.
It has a molten center formed
perhaps by nickel, by iron,
with temperatures exceeding
5,000 degrees Celsius.
Part of the formation of
the Earth's magnetic field,
as we have explained on other
occasions, that is released
through the poles, generating
a large toroidal force field,
but it is in the crust where
the large galleries are found,
where many civilizations from
other worlds may have settled,
like the remnants
of already mentioned
lost cultures, such as Atlantis
or the Kásskara of the Hopi
Indians in the Pacific Ocean.
But there is no such
thing as a hollow Earth,
at least in the literal sense
that has been given to it.
When I'm asked about the
expedition of United States
admiral and aviator Richard
Evelyn Byrd and his expeditions
both to the North and South
Pole and that he encountered
unidentified flying saucers that
came out of the hollow Earth,
Byrd never said that.
It is an apocryphal diary
circulating on the internet.
The information is not real.
In these expeditions,
like the one of the 1940s,
in 1948, Highjump,
discovered something.
It isn't related to a hollow
Earth but to lands without ice
or some military
bases that are located
in some enclaves of
Antarctica, for example--
and this is unrelated
to the subject at hand--
but there is no such
thing as a hollow Earth,
but a world with great
underground galleries
where the survivors of the last
great destruction of the Earth
would be guarding the
true history of humanity.
And this brings us head on
to the Legend of the White
Brotherhood.
The subject of the White
Brotherhood is very broad.
It includes information
from contact experiences
from ufology, from esoterism
shrouded in mystery.
There are multiple
ways to interpret it.
On one hand, there's
the concept transmitted
in extraterrestrial
contact, our own experience,
the aforementioned
survivors of lost cultures
and their remnants, protecting
the annals of culture
in the underground world
so that at some moment
the true story of humanity
can emerge and be revealed.
The concept of the
White Brotherhood
refers to the underground world.
Then, there is
another associated
with human teachers in
very private, impermeable,
esoteric schools
who have contacted
some initiates in human
society so that they
may make their messages known.
Perhaps that was the case
with said Madame Blavatsky
and the Theosophical Society.
Later, there is an
interpretation which is also
mystical, more new age, that
some of these teachers, humans
with much knowledge
and information,
upon losing their
physical body, upon going
through their transition,
and others who did
not even die but
they ascended, have
been transformed into spiritual
teachers, ascended teachers,
which is not exactly
the subject at hand.
However, all these kinds of
manifestations of teachers,
of survivors, of
information librarians,
of great minds who guide
humans on the surface,
are included under the
concept of the great agreement
of light, or the Great White
Lodge, or the Great White
Brotherhood.
Their purpose, whoever they
are, is to silently inspire
men and women of the
Earth on a spiritual path
and through them, the sacred
doctrine, the great message,
the great work, reach our
entire species, especially
in times of great
tribulation and great change.
And it is very important to add
that Nicholas Roerich received
one of three fragments
of the Chintamani stone.
According to people who met him,
and I spoke with some of them,
in his day in Mongolia,
and also in Russia,
that experience of
temporarily possessing
one of those fragments
of Chintamani, which
allowed him to convince
important politicians,
such as President
Roosevelt himself,
to carry out the Roerich Pact.
He would have brought the
fragment to the United States
for them to see supernatural
proof of his contact
with the mahatmas of Altai,
with the masters of the East.
After completing his
mission, that fragment
would have been
returned to Mongolia.
Nicholas Roerich returned the
stone to the underground world
because they are the guardians
of the underground world who
protect the fragments, the
interterrestrial guardians.
According to this
information, these fragments
are then released
by them in a way
that they filter
into our society
and are the magical
objects that have been
known throughout our history.
One of them, the mythical
Holy Grail of Jesus
according to this
information, we should not
forget that medieval tradition
mentions that the Holy
Grail was a green stone,
like the Chintamani,
that fell from heaven after
a battle of the angels.
Or the [NON-ENGLISH],, itself,
the Holy Grail of the Incas,
which was also another
green stone that was placed
in the custody of the guardians
of the lagoon of Llanganati
in Ecuador, that is,
mythological beings,
or intraterrestrial guardians
in this area of the rainforests
of Ecuador.
Different stories to
describe the same phenomenon.
If those underground refuges
exist, where is the evidence?
There are certainly
secret places located
in unknown areas of the planet.
I have been able to
visit many of them
and I have had truly
incredible experiences.
The first occasion was in 1996.
I was a 22-year-old
young man and was
exploring the legend of Paititi,
the lost city of the Incas.
It is said that in
the 16th century, when
the Spanish conquest
arrived in Peru,
a group of masters of the
former Empire of the Sun
fled to the jungle to build a
twin city to Cusco, Paikikin
Cusco, the city
similar to Cusco,
which means the
navel of the world.
However, Andean masters
say that the city already
existed and was in a
secret place in the jungle.
And I went to investigate.
It was September 5th
of that year, 1996,
when I had a close
encounter, and not
necessarily an experience
that we could categorize
as extraterrestrials.
It was something else entirely.
I heard a noise
behind me while I
was examining the
petroglyphs of Pusharo,
a rock 98 feet long
and of similar height
containing various symbols,
which for the locals,
Machiguengas, correspond to a
sacred language that allows you
to connect to other realities.
I was studying them.
It was daytime, if I
remember correctly,
around 5:00 in the afternoon,
when the foliage behind me
began to move.
I heard it clearly
and I turned around
to defend myself from
what I thought was
an animal coming to attack me.
We were in the Madre de Díos
area of the Amazon jungle,
in the Manú National Park.
But when I turned around,
wielding a long stick
to defend myself from what
I assumed was a wild animal,
I was facing a man with
prominent Asian features
with a long, thin beard.
He was dressed in what I
believe was a kind of tunic
with a golden metallic
color and, on his head,
an elongated helmet,
which reminded me
of those helmets or crowns
used by the pharaohs
in ancient Egypt.
That is, the
appearance of this man
was exotic to suddenly find in
the Amazon rainforest of Peru.
He raised his hand in
the form of a greeting
and I felt calm,
because at that moment
I was frozen, petrified
with this presence that
had emerged here in the jungle.
He told me in perfect Spanish,
without moving his lips,
that I should be calm,
that I stay quiet, that he
had something to share with me.
He approached and
through images,
through some kind of
very immersive film
that he was
projecting in my mind,
I believe he made me
understand that this supposed
lost city was nothing more
than an underground refuge,
an intraterrestrial society to
which this man, who identified
himself by the name
of Alcir, belonged.
He even told me that a powerful
tool, well known to the Incas,
named a solar
disk, that was once
in the Temple of Coricancha,
was in their custody.
We will explore this
information in greater detail
in an upcoming episode
of "The Arc of Time."
This being, Alcir, left
a deep impression on me
and a series of data, which I
don't know how he introduced
into my conscience, that
made up the starting point
of my first book, "The
Masters of Paititi,"
which I wrote when I
was only 22 years old.
But that wasn't all.
Later in 2002, I
participated in an expedition
to the Cave of the
Tayos in Ecuador,
a place that was found by
the Ecuadorian military
but that only rose to fame
in the decades of the 1960s,
due to an explorer of
Hungarian origin naturalized
in Argentina, Juan Moricz.
He affirmed to have
found large galleries
in the jungle of
Coangos in Ecuador
and a metallic library of
an extinct civilization.
According to the
testimony of Juan Moricz,
the Taltos lived there, quite
tall beings in white tunics,
who protected a records
room with this information
from ancient Earth times
from ignored civilisations.
It reminded me greatly of
the legend of Shambhala
and I participated in an
international expedition.
We stayed inside these caves
for three days, which apparently
go on for miles,
not only in Ecuador,
but they go deep into
Peruvian territory.
Important to note is that
American astronaut Neil
Armstrong was there in
1976 on an expedition
with British specialists.
And when he came out
of the Cave of Tayos,
he told the
Ecuadorian press, what
I have experienced
within these caves
has surpassed my
experience on the moon.
Incredible.
But what was it that Dr.
Armstrong experienced?
Well, there in the Cave of
Tayos in 2002, the impossible
happened to me.
The natives of the
area, the Shuar,
had told us that there are
some very small creatures that
moved around in the caves and
in the grottoes, which they
respected and did not
want them to be disturbed,
but they only show themselves
when one has been in the area
for three days, for
these creatures, which
I will call Sunkies, or Nunkuis,
based on the local legend,
because they are very
sensitive, these creatures
need time to evaluate the
stranger, the visitor.
And so it was that after
staying for a while
inside these
underground galleries,
these beings appeared
before our eyes.
They are nyctalopes.
They move in the dark.
That is, they're not
accustomed to light.
I shined my flashlight on
them to see them better
and they covered their big
eyes with their small arms
to protect themselves from
the light from my flashlight.
So I had to aim the flashlight
not directly at them
but to illuminate
them peripherally
so as to not hurt their eyes.
They were small creatures,
3 to 3 and 1/2 feet tall,
with small hands
which appeared to be
a terracotta gray color,
large, dark eyes that
seemed to have no eyelids.
They had no nose,
just two nostrils.
They had no mouth,
just an opening.
And I could tell that they
had a slightly bulging belly
and a navel.
They are born that way.
It was a tremendous shock.
Because here we are no longer
talking about descendants,
survivors of lost
cultures who took refuge
in the subterranean world.
We are not even talking
about extraterrestrials.
According to the
Shuar tradition,
they are creatures
as ancient as humans,
only that while we
grow up on the surface,
these creatures grow up
in the underground world.
And there was a time when these
beings, the so-called Sunkies,
had friendly communication
with humans from the surface.
They provided human beings on
the surface with precious gems
and some secrets of
the underground world.
But, as sometimes
happens, humans
change and tried to
exploit these creatures.
Then they began to
take refuge in deeper
underground
galleries, where it is
more difficult for human
beings to reach them.
It is one of the most
incredible experiences that
has happened to me in my life,
which isn't related to others
that I have already told about
the extraterrestrial contact.
Because one of these
creatures came up
to me and with his
fingers, he touched my arm.
Their communication is tactile.
They don't talk.
And when they touch you, it's as
if part of their consciousness
migrates to you.
And I felt their pain, their
sadness for the pollution
that humans had
generated in the jungle
with petroleum, with mining.
It's very difficult for me to
convey all this and, above all,
prove it, because
these experiences
have that characteristic.
They're only real for those of
us who have experienced them.
But I'm telling the truth.
And our expedition had this
extraordinary encounter
with beings that
also are from Earth
but who grew up in
an underground world.
All of this enigma points
to the legend of Shambhala.
We are not alone
in the universe,
but we are not alone
on the Earth either.
There are creatures like us.
There are creatures different
from us and other enigmas who
live in silence under our feet.
And this man, about 65 years
old in appearance with Oriental
features, who emerged in
the middle of the jungle
and who we have seen on
other expeditions accompanied
by other witnesses, he is
obviously not an entity
of extraterrestrial origin.
But he is part of an
underground society
which is located there in the
jungles of Manú National Park.
According to what
he transmitted,
he has managed to
delay his aging.
He said that he was
born in the year 1146.
So for more than
eight centuries,
he has been living
in the jungles,
although he appears to
be a 60-year-old man.
And his mother is human.
He's a native, or was a native,
from the Machiguenga culture,
who, curiously, also have
those Asian features, maybe
because their ancestors came
from Asia over the Bering
Strait to populate the Americas.
It's a fascinating
story about the origin
of this being who
calls himself Alcir,
and who has contacted
other witnesses in addition
to my own case.
Finally, I will say that these
experiences and information
are transformative as
well as extraordinary.
They tear our intellect to
pieces, breaking paradigms.
And that can be
disturbing, becoming aware
that there is intelligent
life in the universe.
It is already wonderful,
but also becoming aware
that we are not alone on Earth,
that we live with other beings,
is an incredible revelation.
I think the message
of Shambhala means
living in peaceful
consciousness,
in the consciousness of
an intelligent planet.
As my ancestors in Peru
say, with Mother Earth,
with Pachamama, in
consciousness with the creatures
of the Earth, not
only the ones we know,
animal and plant species, but
also with others that we do not
know, like the enigmatic
case of the Sunkies,
and living in consciousness
with our actions,
just as Nicolas Roerich
proclaimed when he had contact
with those elusive
masters of Altai,
those masters who apparently
have inspired esoteric schools,
spiritual groups,
contact groups,
so that their
information does not get
lost and stimulates a great
change in our society.
It's amazing.
We are not alone
in the universe,
but we are not alone
on Earth either.
As the French poet Paul Éluard
wrote, "there are other worlds,
but they are within this one."
And on the next
journey, we will explore
one of them, Mount Shasta.
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez
Corpancho and we
are aboard "The Arc of Time."